update history and version number for v0.8.0 (#222)
projectmesa/mesa-geo: HISTORY.md

Release History
---------------

## 0.8.0 (2024-08-15)

### Special Notes

> - Remove Tornado visualization server and replace it with Solara that is compatible with Jupiter notebooks (https://github.com/projectmesa/mesa-geo/pull/212). This is in line with Mesa's recent changes to use Solara for visualization.

Reviewer: I would add specifically that 0.8 is the last release series compatible with Mesa 2.3.x, and that Mesa-geo 1.0 will be compatible with Mesa 3.0.

Author: Updated accordingly

Reviewer: Thanks!

Release History
---------------

## 0.8.0 (2024-08-21)

> ### Special Notes

Reviewer: For consistency with Mesa
```suggestion
### Highlights
```

> - Remove Tornado visualization server and replace it with Solara that is compatible with Jupiter notebooks (https://github.com/projectmesa/mesa-geo/pull/212). This is in line with Mesa's recent changes to use Solara for visualization.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The Tornado visualization server is removed and replaced with SolaraViz, which is also works within Jupyter notebooks [#212](https://github.com/projectmesa/mesa-geo/pull/212). This is in line with Mesa's recent changes to use Solara for visualization.
```

> - 0.8 is the last release compatible with Mesa 2.3. Next release is 1.0 and it will be compatible with Mesa 3.0.

Reviewer: Maybe mention the tutorial
```suggestion
- The [Introductory Tutorial](https://mesa-geo.readthedocs.io/en/stable/tutorials/intro_tutorial.html) has been fully rewritten for Mesa-geo 0.8.0
- The 0.8.x series are the releases compatible with Mesa 2.3.x. The next major release will be compatible with Mesa 3.0+.
```
